This is a readme for how to use the card json parser.

Currently the parser only takes tsv files. 
TODO csv files support

This document will cover how to set up the ordering of the input files.
All files' first row (header) must contain `#`,  *type* name, and then the title of any additional fields

`#` represents the number of those cards

The platform inputs of Projects should match the Specialization inputs of Students

##Command Line Arguments
This program supports the following arguments:  
-h --help : shows how to use the arguments  
-i --input : An input file to parse

 TODO Implement multiple command line arguments per flag
 http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4109436/processing-multiple-values-for-one-single-option-using-getopt-optparse

 TODO Implement output file flag support

#Formating
This is what the header (first row) of each files must contain. The order in the header is not necessary.

The parser will always check the name column for a line. Each row requires a value for # and name to be considered or the line will be skipped.   
In addition to those two fields, to properly form a card, other columns with required values which are notated by a `*` should be filled.

##Actions
`#`, Action Name, Subtype, Action`*`, Flavor Text

Subtype Inputs: Quick Action, Event, Professor, Normal (or anything else)   
Action Input: the body of the action card

##Projects
`#`, Project Name, Flavor Text, Platform`*`, Size`*`
 
Platforms Input: Desktop, Mobile, Web, Crossplatform (or anything else)   
Size Input: Small, Medium, Large

##Students
`#`, Student Name, Specialization`*`, Flavor Text, Custom Ability

Specialization Input: Desktop, Mobile, Web, None (or anything else)   
For the specializations the code generated will be: 
>*Project Type* commits +2

>Base commit +1

else
>Base commit +2

The custom ability field overrides the text generated by the parser for the specialization for the body
