How to use the card json generator.

Currently the parser only supports files with .tsv extension (tab seperated values). 
TODO csv files support

##Command Line Arguments
This program supports the following arguments:  
-h --help : shows how to use the arguments  
-i --input : An input file to parse

 TODO Implement multiple command line arguments per flag
 http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4109436/processing-multiple-values-for-one-single-option-using-getopt-optparse

 TODO Implement output file flag support

#Formating
All files must contain a header (first row) which dictates what columns contain the card type's information.
All headers must contain a minimu of two fields a `#` and *type* name (the type of the card + the word name); and then the title of any additional fields. The order in the header is not necessary.
(`#` represents the number of copies for each card).

> `#` Project Name    Flavor text     Platform    Size 

###Images
When generating the json file, any images of the cards should be in the pictures folder (default 'pictures').
When creating the json, the generator will look for the image (card name with alphabetical characters only) and save its path as the image source. 
If not found, the path of the image will be the name + .png (by default).

##Card Types
The parser will always check the name column for a line. Each row requires a value for the # and name columns or the line will be skipped.   
In addition to those two fields, to properly form a card, other columns with required values, notated by a `*` asterisk, should be filled.

###Actions
`#`, Action Name, Subtype, Action`*`, Flavor Text

Subtype Inputs: Quick Action, Event, Professor, Normal (or anything else)   
Action Input: the body of the action card

###Projects
`#`, Project Name, Flavor Text, Platform`*`, Size`*`
 
Platforms Input: Desktop, Mobile, Web, Crossplatform (or anything else)   
Size Input: Small, Medium, Large

###Students
`#`, Student Name, Specialization`*`, Flavor Text, Custom Ability

Specialization Input: Desktop, Mobile, Web, None (or anything else)   
For the specializations the code generated will be: 
>*Project Type* commits +2

>Base commit +1

else
>Base commit +2

The custom ability field overrides the text generated by the parser for the specialization for the body
